Lateral Movement
Once we gain valid user credentials,
we can begin to use these credentials to
\attempt to log in to other systems
in a procress known as lateral movement.
In our labs, the domain controller
is located on an internal network,
meaning we can not reach it
from our Kali VM.
To demonstrate the mechanics of
lateral movement with Empire,
we’ll obtain another shell on
the Windows 10 client
in the context of a different user.
Although this example is simplified
because of the single target VM,
the mechanics of the process are the same
when moving to an actual remote host
in a real-world situation.
There are various vectors in
the lateral movement category
that we can use to invoke
an Empire agent
on a remote host.
As an example, we will try out
the invoke smbexec module.
This module requires several parameters.
We’ll set ComputerName to the
hostname of the Windows 10 client
and set Listener to “http”.
We will also set the Username,
Domain, and Hash parameters
using the relevant data from the jeff_admin user account
found in the previous section.
Let’s execute this module
and see what happens.
Excellent!
The agent was successfully deployed
and we can now interact with it.